# a-simple-page
https://yutianxue.github.io/a-simple-page/
#Due to the technology development, music industry has kept changing. In the past, record was the main form and source of revenue. But as the electronic player developed, people tend to listen to music through the pod and mobile phone, album circulation keeps going down. And at the same time, the number of vocal concerts shows an increasing trend, mainly because the public need of hearing high tone quality songs and the improvement of living standard.Therefore, we decided to choose the music industry as our main topic and try to showcase the changes in the music industry by analyzing two representative singers’ vocal concerts. 
#For Post-90s generation, large number of them are listening to the songs of Taiwan singers like Jay Chou, Leehom Wang and JJ Li when they grow up. So after deep consideration, we decide to focus on Leehom Wang and JJ Li.
When you search the two singers on the Internet, you may surprisingly find that they have a lot of similarities. Firstly, none of them were born in Taiwan, but they began their careers at Taiwan. Secondly, They all studied music in a systematic way and graduated from a professional music school. Thirdly, they have been well-known by the public around 20004, which they have both published a popular song. In addition, the two also participated in the filming of movies, TV series and variety shows.
#Therefore, we choose the two Chinese singers-Leehom Wang and JJ Li with a high degree of similarity to carry out the analysis.Due to the difficulties of finding the record sales, we consider put the vocal concerts at first, the record sales as supplement.By capturing the information about the number, number and location of the two people's vocal concerts on Baidu Encyclopedia, this paper analyzes the similarities and differences between the two in choosing the venue of the concert from the horizontal-time dimension, and from the longitudinal-location dimension, analyze the similarities and differences between the two in choosing the city where the vocal concert has been held.
